Docs re🧛🏻‍♂️ (#75)
avohq/docs: pages/data-design/start-using-inspector.mdx

---
layout: 'guide'
title: 'Getting started to use Inspector to help identify issues to fix in your legacy events'
---

import Link from '../../components/Link';

After setting up your sources to send data to the Avo Inspector with the <Link passHref href="/implementation/avo-inspector-sdk-reference"><a>Avo Inspector SDKs</a></Link> you will see the data appearing in the <Link passHref href="/workspace/inspector"><a>the Inspector tab</a></Link> tab.

> Open the <Link passHref href="/workspace/inspector#default-view-and-switching-between-views">Events scree view</Link>, browse the list or search for specific event, select it and the right panel will appear with detailed information about the health of the given event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the <Link passHref href="/workspace/inspector#default-view-and-switching-between-views">Inspector events view</Link>, browse the list or search for specific event, select it and the right panel will appear with detailed information about the health of the given event.
```

> From there you would be able to analyze the problem, chnage event description in the tracking plan or add it to the tracking plan if it is not there yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From there you would be able to analyze the problem, change event description in the tracking plan or add it to the tracking plan if it is not there yet.
```

> When you fix the issue in the client you will be able to see now the problem goes away gradually as you clients update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you fix the issue in the client you will be able to see how the problem is gradually resolved as your clients update.
```
